Docs for using a new SOAP plugin. (#356)
playframework/play-soap: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/plugin/how-to-use.adoc

= How To Use

Play SOAP Plugin is a plugin module to JAXB that converts WSDLs into SOAP client interfaces for work with asynchronous requests.

Start by adding the dependency `play-soap-plugin` to the project and set required WSDL options:

[cols="4*^",options=header]
|===
|Option |Accepted values |Required |Interpretation

|-fe |play |true |Specifies the frontend to enable `play-soap-plugin`

|-xjc-Xplay:lang
|scala, java |true |Generate the future type to wrap an original type.

`scala` - `scala.concurrent.Future` for Scala projects.

`java` - `java.util.concurrent.CompletionStage` for Java projects.
|===

> See https://cxf.apache.org/docs/wsdl-to-java.html[WSDL2JAVA options]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional documentation on WSDL2JAVA options can be found https://cxf.apache.org/docs/wsdl-to-java.html[here].
```

> Next, consider how to work with the module in build tools (https://maven.apache.org/[maven], https://gradle.org/[gradle] and https://www.scala-sbt.org/[sbt]) and command line interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better workflow integration, consider integrating the module into one of these supported build tools (https://maven.apache.org/[maven], https://gradle.org/[gradle] and https://www.scala-sbt.org/[sbt]). A direct command line interface is also available.
```
